docs/proj1e1.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/txt/se25fall/blob/main/README.md#top"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Home-%23ff5733?style=flat-square&logo=home&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="/docs/syllabus.md#top"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Syllabus-%230055ff?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E7H6IiFEV0WIooE1biPB7VVrdaEtBh6yXC-2nrwPKCY/edit?gid=0#gid=0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams1-%23ffd700?style=flat-square&logo=users&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i0fNqKea0LzqmB-h8gtOrnF0MM-qt560goU4QkRw8BA/edit?usp=sharing"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams2-%23ffcc00?style=flat-square&logo=users&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://moodle-courses2527.wolfware.ncsu.edu/course/view.php?id=4690&bp=s"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/One-%23dc143c?style=flat-square&logo=moodle&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://moodle-courses2527.wolfware.ncsu.edu/course/view.php?id=4691&bp=s"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Two-%23b22222?style=flat-square&logo=moodle&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/YnAw7uZxAD"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-%23008080?style=flat-square&logo=discord&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://ncsu.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Sessions/List.aspx?folderID=7b1bbb56-937c-42a1-96b4-b33e0134710f"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vids-%23ffa500?style=flat-square&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="/LICENSE.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/©%20timm%202025-%234b4b4b?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" /></a></p>
<h1 align="center">:cyclone: CSC510: Software Engineering<br>NC State, Fall '25</h1>
<p align="center"><em>Q1: does <a href="https://x.com/karpathy/status/1886192184808149383?lang=en">vibe code</a> == <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O6fZa0MbuNPVfbQV0eENzuYL-2YdIr-LRawhC92gSJE/present?slide=2">pain maintain</a>?</em><br>
<em> Q2: How much could/should AI change this "standard model"?</em><br>
<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acde700e-1d4d-4002-94a2-1d8aa08914e2"></p>
<p align="center"><b>This subject:</b> work in groups; write <b>quality</b> code;
maintain alien code; use SE + AI; establish on-line profile.
(For more on above pic, see Fig3 of <a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/TSE.2023.3339383">Long et.al, TSE'23</a>.)</p>


# Projec1 (final part) = Design your Proj2

Based on the rest of this work, 
write a management-level pamphlet describing your project. For samples, see https://github.com/Kii4ka/CSC510_Software_Engineering_Posters_Spring2025/discussions.

Your project should be either:

- Something related to food delivery
- Or somethign releated to tool support for requirements discussions with LLMs  (and a tiny part of the food delivery system would be the example case study)
- Or somethign releated to tool support for groups debating options using  LLMs  (and requirements engineering  would be the example case study)
 
Submit as a pdf to your repo in a directory proj1e.

For examples of these posters, see [here](https://github.com/Kii4ka/CSC510_Software_Engineering_Posters_Spring2025/discussions). 

> Note that for Proj1 you will NOT have  have test cases nor  QR codes that link to  example videos or a repo
  
Each pamphlet must satisfy the checklist below. Each pamphlet:

1. [ ] Be exciting
2. [ ] Not be silly (so exciting, but professional)
3. [ ] Have a clear mission statement paragraph. The **why** (the chalelnge you arerepsonding too) and the **what** (you will build) and the **so what* (benefits of this sstem)
    - e.g. "Online content can be emotionally overwhelming our app helps make sense of it. Sentiment Analyzer Pro lets users analyze the emotional tone of text, images, news, speech, and even YouTube comments. Whether you're tracking brand sentiment, filtering negativity, or just staying informed, the app makes emotional insights fast and accessible. With a Chrome extension and improved Ul, it's now easier than ever to understand how content feels not just what it says."
4. [ ] List the  stakeholders (e.g Admin, Staff,   Customer.    Who else?). Maybe as part of the mission statement?
5.  [ ] Include at  least 8 milestones  cases (4 for October, a further 4 planned for "release2" in Novermber).
    - Be ambitious. Dull milestones will lose you marks in Proj2
    - Not be too ambitious (hey, be ware, you have to code this).
6. [ ] Include a screen snaps of the proposed system (if you are some cli thing, then this will be simple: just a snap of some proposed call to some tool, with  with some text printed out 
7. [ ] Be a **standard page size** (e.g., letter or A4).
8. [ ] Use **small fonts** (text may be as small as 4 to 6 points).
9. [ ] Be submitted as a **PDF file**.
10. [ ] Avoid vast amounts of **white space**.
11. [ ] Show a group number
12. [ ] Show group member names
13. [ ] Show icons describing your proposed tech stack e.g.

<img width="472" height="72" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7a6e49b2-645d-4209-833b-31e7856902e9" />

Commit message:

Enhance project guidelines with reflection prompts

docs/proj1e1.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/txt/se25fall/blob/main/README.md#top"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Home-%23ff5733?style=flat-square&logo=home&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="/docs/syllabus.md#top"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Syllabus-%230055ff?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E7H6IiFEV0WIooE1biPB7VVrdaEtBh6yXC-2nrwPKCY/edit?gid=0#gid=0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams1-%23ffd700?style=flat-square&logo=users&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i0fNqKea0LzqmB-h8gtOrnF0MM-qt560goU4QkRw8BA/edit?usp=sharing"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams2-%23ffcc00?style=flat-square&logo=users&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://moodle-courses2527.wolfware.ncsu.edu/course/view.php?id=4690&bp=s"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/One-%23dc143c?style=flat-square&logo=moodle&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://moodle-courses2527.wolfware.ncsu.edu/course/view.php?id=4691&bp=s"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Two-%23b22222?style=flat-square&logo=moodle&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/YnAw7uZxAD"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-%23008080?style=flat-square&logo=discord&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://ncsu.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Sessions/List.aspx?folderID=7b1bbb56-937c-42a1-96b4-b33e0134710f"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vids-%23ffa500?style=flat-square&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="/LICENSE.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/©%20timm%202025-%234b4b4b?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" /></a></p>
<h1 align="center">:cyclone: CSC510: Software Engineering<br>NC State, Fall '25</h1>
<p align="center"><em>Q1: does <a href="https://x.com/karpathy/status/1886192184808149383?lang=en">vibe code</a> == <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O6fZa0MbuNPVfbQV0eENzuYL-2YdIr-LRawhC92gSJE/present?slide=2">pain maintain</a>?</em><br>
<em> Q2: How much could/should AI change this "standard model"?</em><br>
<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acde700e-1d4d-4002-94a2-1d8aa08914e2"></p>
<p align="center"><b>This subject:</b> work in groups; write <b>quality</b> code;
maintain alien code; use SE + AI; establish on-line profile.
(For more on above pic, see Fig3 of <a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/TSE.2023.3339383">Long et.al, TSE'23</a>.)</p>


# Projec1 (final part) = Design your Proj2

Based on the rest of this work, 
write a management-level pamphlet describing your project. For samples, see https://github.com/Kii4ka/CSC510_Software_Engineering_Posters_Spring2025/discussions.

Your project should be either:

- Something related to food delivery
- Or somethign releated to tool support for requirements discussions with LLMs  (and a tiny part of the food delivery system would be the example case study)
  - For this kind of project, reflect on everything that went right/wrong in Proj1. How can you encourage productive behavior? How can you help the harder parts?
    What tool support could avoid the errors your made?
- Or something releated to tool support for groups debating options using  LLMs  (and requirements engineering  would be the example case study)
  - This would be a generatilization of the requirements tooling. When teams discuss stuff, what problems do they have? How to solve those problems?
 
Submit as a pdf to your repo in a directory proj1e.

For examples of these posters, see [here](https://github.com/Kii4ka/CSC510_Software_Engineering_Posters_Spring2025/discussions). 

> Note that for Proj1 you will NOT have  have test cases nor  QR codes that link to  example videos or a repo
  
Each pamphlet must satisfy the checklist below. Each pamphlet:

1. [ ] Be exciting
2. [ ] Not be silly (so exciting, but professional)
3. [ ] Have a clear mission statement paragraph. The **why** (the chalelnge you arerepsonding too) and the **what** (you will build) and the **so what* (benefits of this sstem)
    - e.g. "Online content can be emotionally overwhelming our app helps make sense of it. Sentiment Analyzer Pro lets users analyze the emotional tone of text, images, news, speech, and even YouTube comments. Whether you're tracking brand sentiment, filtering negativity, or just staying informed, the app makes emotional insights fast and accessible. With a Chrome extension and improved Ul, it's now easier than ever to understand how content feels not just what it says."
4. [ ] List the  stakeholders (e.g Admin, Staff,   Customer.    Who else?). Maybe as part of the mission statement?
5.  [ ] Include at  least 8 milestones  cases (4 for October, a further 4 planned for "release2" in Novermber).
    - Be ambitious. Dull milestones will lose you marks in Proj2
    - Not be too ambitious (hey, be ware, you have to code this).
6. [ ] Include a screen snaps of the proposed system (if you are some cli thing, then this will be simple: just a snap of some proposed call to some tool, with  with some text printed out 
7. [ ] Be a **standard page size** (e.g., letter or A4).
8. [ ] Use **small fonts** (text may be as small as 4 to 6 points).
9. [ ] Be submitted as a **PDF file**.
10. [ ] Avoid vast amounts of **white space**.
11. [ ] Show a group number
12. [ ] Show group member names
13. [ ] Show icons describing your proposed tech stack e.g.

<img width="472" height="72" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7a6e49b2-645d-4209-833b-31e7856902e9" />
