docs/proj1c1.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/txt/se25fall/blob/main/README.md#top"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Home-%23ff5733?style=flat-square&logo=home&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="/docs/syllabus.md#top"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Syllabus-%230055ff?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E7H6IiFEV0WIooE1biPB7VVrdaEtBh6yXC-2nrwPKCY/edit?gid=0#gid=0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams1-%23ffd700?style=flat-square&logo=users&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i0fNqKea0LzqmB-h8gtOrnF0MM-qt560goU4QkRw8BA/edit?usp=sharing"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams2-%23ffcc00?style=flat-square&logo=users&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://moodle-courses2527.wolfware.ncsu.edu/course/view.php?id=4690&bp=s"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/One-%23dc143c?style=flat-square&logo=moodle&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://moodle-courses2527.wolfware.ncsu.edu/course/view.php?id=4691&bp=s"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Two-%23b22222?style=flat-square&logo=moodle&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/YnAw7uZxAD"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-%23008080?style=flat-square&logo=discord&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://ncsu.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Sessions/List.aspx?folderID=7b1bbb56-937c-42a1-96b4-b33e0134710f"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vids-%23ffa500?style=flat-square&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="/LICENSE.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/©%20timm%202025-%234b4b4b?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" /></a></p>
<h1 align="center">:cyclone: CSC510: Software Engineering<br>NC State, Fall '25</h1>
<p align="center"><em>Q1: does <a href="https://x.com/karpathy/status/1886192184808149383?lang=en">vibe code</a> == <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O6fZa0MbuNPVfbQV0eENzuYL-2YdIr-LRawhC92gSJE/present?slide=2">pain maintain</a>?</em><br>
<em> Q2: How much could/should AI change this "standard model"?</em><br>
<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acde700e-1d4d-4002-94a2-1d8aa08914e2"></p>
<p align="center"><b>This subject:</b> work in groups; write <b>quality</b> code;
maintain alien code; use SE + AI; establish on-line profile.
(For more on above pic, see Fig3 of <a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/TSE.2023.3339383">Long et.al, TSE'23</a>.)</p>

# Project 1c1  

**Due**: Monday, Sept 15  
**What**: Problem condensation  

**What to do**:  
  1. Time to get serious, and minimal.  
  2. LLMs give you many choices. Which will you use?  
  3. Your goal is a **MVP (minimal viable product)**: the most basic version of a product that allows a team to collect the maximum amount of validated learning about customers with the least amount of effort.  
  4. Decide what from **1b1 you will NOT be doing**, and justify why you will not be doing that.  
  5. For this task, keep showing the two LLMs the current use cases and ask them for answers to part  4 (in this list).  
  6. Generate **at least 10 new use cases** (5 pages total) describing the new design, each with:  
    - Preconditions  
    - Main Flow  
    - Subflows  
    - Alternative Flows  

**What to hand in**:  
  - The new use cases (≥10, 5 pages at least)  
  - Reflection document (max 2 pages):
    - How did you decide what NOT to do?
    - What negative impacts or disappointments this MVP could have for your stakeholders.  
    - What changes you made (and why) to the MVP to appease at least some of the stakeholders.

Commit message:

Fix formatting and enhance clarity in proj1c1.md
Corrected formatting and clarified instructions regarding stakeholder changes and prompt history.

docs/proj1c1.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/txt/se25fall/blob/main/README.md#top"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Home-%23ff5733?style=flat-square&logo=home&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="/docs/syllabus.md#top"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Syllabus-%230055ff?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E7H6IiFEV0WIooE1biPB7VVrdaEtBh6yXC-2nrwPKCY/edit?gid=0#gid=0"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams1-%23ffd700?style=flat-square&logo=users&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1i0fNqKea0LzqmB-h8gtOrnF0MM-qt560goU4QkRw8BA/edit?usp=sharing"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams2-%23ffcc00?style=flat-square&logo=users&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://moodle-courses2527.wolfware.ncsu.edu/course/view.php?id=4690&bp=s"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/One-%23dc143c?style=flat-square&logo=moodle&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://moodle-courses2527.wolfware.ncsu.edu/course/view.php?id=4691&bp=s"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Two-%23b22222?style=flat-square&logo=moodle&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/YnAw7uZxAD"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-%23008080?style=flat-square&logo=discord&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://ncsu.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Sessions/List.aspx?folderID=7b1bbb56-937c-42a1-96b4-b33e0134710f"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vids-%23ffa500?style=flat-square&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="/LICENSE.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/©%20timm%202025-%234b4b4b?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" /></a></p>
<h1 align="center">:cyclone: CSC510: Software Engineering<br>NC State, Fall '25</h1>
<p align="center"><em>Q1: does <a href="https://x.com/karpathy/status/1886192184808149383?lang=en">vibe code</a> == <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O6fZa0MbuNPVfbQV0eENzuYL-2YdIr-LRawhC92gSJE/present?slide=2">pain maintain</a>?</em><br>
<em> Q2: How much could/should AI change this "standard model"?</em><br>
<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acde700e-1d4d-4002-94a2-1d8aa08914e2"></p>
<p align="center"><b>This subject:</b> work in groups; write <b>quality</b> code;
maintain alien code; use SE + AI; establish on-line profile.
(For more on above pic, see Fig3 of <a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/TSE.2023.3339383">Long et.al, TSE'23</a>.)</p>

# Project 1c1  

**Due**: Monday, Sept 15  
**What**: Problem condensation  

**What to do**:  
  1. Time to get serious, and minimal.  
  2. LLMs give you many choices. Which will you use?  
  3. Your goal is a **MVP (minimal viable product)**: the most basic version of a product that allows a team to collect the maximum amount of validated learning about customers with the least amount of effort.  
  4. Decide what from **1b1 you will NOT be doing**, and justify why you will not be doing that.  
  5. For this task, keep showing the two LLMs the current use cases and ask them for answers to part  4 (in this list).  
  6. Generate **at least 10 new use cases** (5 pages total) describing the new design, each with:  
    - Preconditions  
    - Main Flow  
    - Subflows  
    - Alternative Flows  

**What to hand in**:  
  - The new use cases (≥10, 5 pages at least)  
  - Reflection document (max 2 pages):
    - How did you decide what NOT to do?
    - What negative impacts or disappointments this MVP could have for your stakeholders.  
    - What changes you made (and why) to the MVP to appease at least some of the stakeholders.
  - Prompt history:
    - For commencrial systems:
      - create and submit a link to each each chat
      - note: this will lead to large number of prompts. welcome to a real limit to curret interfaces.
    - If doing a "do it yourself" local LLM
      - adjust your scripts to log inputs and outputs
    - And if you msisi some prompts, be kind to us:
      - Try to a reconstruction, after the fact.
